doc: added HomeKit deprecation notes (#12942)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

|no_changes_yet_note|

HomeKit
-------

> HomeKit is now deprecated as announced in 2.5.0 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HomeKit is now deprecated as announced in the |NCS| v2.5.0 release.
```

> HomeKit is now deprecated as announced in the |NCS| v2.5.0 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HomeKit is now removed, as announced in the :ref:`ncs_release_notes_250`.
```
